#summary Caldav4j GSOC Application Page

 = Describe your organization. = 

 = Why is your organization applying to participate in Google Summer of Code 2012? What do you hope to gain by participating? =

 = Did your organization participate in past Google Summer of Codes? =


 = If your organization has not previously participated in Google Summer of Code, have you applied in the past? If so, for what year(s)? =


 = What Open Source Initiative approved license(s) does your project use? =

 = What is the URL for your Ideas page? =

 = What is the main development mailing list for your organization? =

 = What is the main IRC channel for your organization? =

 = Does your organization have an application template you would like to see students use? If so, please provide it now. =

 = Who will be your backup organization administrator? = 

 = What criteria did you use to select your mentors for this year's program? Please be as specific as possible. =


 = What is your plan for dealing with disappearing students? =

 = What is your plan for dealing with disappearing mentors? =

 = What steps will you take to encourage students to interact with your project's community before, during and after the program? = 

 = Are you a new organization who has a Googler or other organization to vouch for you? If so, please list their name(s) here. =



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages