== CalDAV4j Overview ==


CalDAV4j is a protocol library that extends the Slide project's [http://jakarta.apache.org/slide/webdav-client.html WebDAV client library] (which itself is an extension of the Apache's [http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/httpclient/ HttpClient] library) to allow high level manipulation of CalDAV calendar collections as well as lower level CalDAV protocol interactions.

== Goals ==

   * A high level API: This API works at the level of ical4j objects, and allows for high level operations like querying for events in a given date range, and updating master events and recurrence instances. All the "hard" protocol work that you need to do to make this happen is hidden from the end user.

   * A lower level protocol API: Let's you work at the Http/WebDAV/CalDAV protocol level by creating instances of !HttpMethods (like !GetMethod, !MkCalendar, !ReportMethod) and executing them. 

   * Performance: When possible caches (such as caches of etags and icalendar resources) are maintained so that network chatter and parsing of icalender files is minimized.

   * Compliance: We aim to be implement the entire [http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4791.txt CalDAV spec] as well as the [http://www.sharemation.com/~milele/public/dav/draft-ito-dav-ticket-00.txt WebDAV tickets spec]. 

== Status ==

CalDAV4j 0.3 is the current release.

The 0.3 release features include:
   * Support for <calendar-query> reports
   * Protocol level support for MKCALENDAR, GET, REPORT, PUT 
   * High level API for accessing events within a calendar collection
   * Caching of CalDAV resources
   * Ticket Support

Among the things not supported yet are:
   * Free Busy reports
   * High level API for accessing anything other than VEVENTS (like VTODO's for example)
   * ... ?

== Building == 

CalDAV4j uses [http://maven.apache.org/ Maven 2.x] as its build system. [BuildingCalDAV4j Here] is some more information on building CalDAV4j

== Using == 

Download the latest JAR file and make sure it's in your classpath. The unit tests are the best place right now to see how to use CalDAV4j. Tutorials and more documentation are forthcoming.

== What's Next ==

Exactly what's next is up in the air right - there are some outstanding issues (have better documentation, user newer version of Slide library, etc) but exactly what happens in what order will largely depend on demand from users, so make sure to make your voice heard on the discussion group!

The [Roadmap roadmap] will be updated as things flesh out more.  

== License & Copyright==

CalDAV4j is licensed under the [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Apache 2.0 License] and copyright 2007 Open Source Application Foundation